Don't worry if I can compare or not
Look at the mature face
I remind you
Make friends and see who he is first
nosy
I need you to take care of who I make friends with
How old are you?
Who is it?
It's not for you, is it?
You are Xiao Fan, right? It's me
You are again
Lao Tzu has thick scars
Those who gave face on the road called out for a knife
What if you don't give face?
Scar, you won't be the legendary little sister
You've heard of it?
Listen to people
Brother Scar is super capable
Once punched a person 3 meters away
Can still kill 100 meters with one punch
How cruel
kid
Now you know what happens when you offend me
What's more, you offended someone you shouldn't have offended
Now there are only two paths in front of you
Or lie down by yourself
Or my brothers help you lie down
Just you scumbags
Don't try to touch me